+++
title = "24.4"
date = "2024-10-24"
summary = "Barc 24.4 adds the ability to save barcodes to Apple Wallet and fixes a few small bugs."
+++

Barc 24.4 adds the ability to save barcodes to Apple Wallet and fixes a few small bugs.

### Apple Wallet Integration
You can add barcodes from Barc to Apple Wallet. Barcodes added to Apple Wallet also include the locations and dates you've added to them in Barc, causing them to appear in your notifications when they're needed.

### Improved Barcode Widget
The Barc home screen widget opens to the specific barcode you've selected, rather than opening to the full barcodes list. 

### Improved Barc Unleashed Design
The design of the Barc Unleased purchase page has been improved. Some people aren't ready to make a yearly commitment, and the new design makes easier to find the option to subscribe for a single month instead.

### Barcode Rendering Bugs
- Code 39 barcodes with the "$", "/", "+", or "%" characters now generate correctly.
- Code 128 barcodes have a corrected check digit, making them scan properly on devices that checked it.

If you have these codes saved, there is no need to re-enter or re-scan them; Barc will properly display the ones you&apos;ve already added.

### Misc. Bug Fixes
- Sending a support email properly closes the email view when done.
- The search bar when adding a location is fully presented when a location is already selected, instead of appearing squished.
- The images created by a Barc shortcut have the correct background when requested.
